feat(vertexai): Migrate to `AI` and add GoogleAI support (#8931)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/tall-zoos-stare.md

---
'firebase': minor
'@firebase/vertexai': minor
---

> Add support for the Google AI API, enabling usage in a free tier, and add new `AI` API to accomodate new product naming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for the Gemini Developer API, enabling usage in a free tier, and add new `AI` API to accomodate new product naming.
```

Reviewer: and please make this change throughout - thx!

Author: Done

> Add support for the Gemini Developer API, enabling usage in a free tier, and add new `AI` API to accomodate new product naming.

Author: Note that this isn't the *final* changelog that will be in the release notes. This will be changed to the final changelog entry we decide on when we write the release notes.
